ASIN	URL	Product Short Name	Product	Product Information
B07QCQNKG7	www.amazon.com/dp/B07QCQNKG7	DIY | V8 Combustion Engine	Playz V8 Combustion Engine Model Kit that Runs - Build Your Own Mini V8 Model Engine Kit for Adults and Kids Age 12+, Visible V8 Mini Engine Kit that Works for Adult with 270+ STEM High Quality Parts	"GET HANDS ON with Playz V8 engine model kit that works for adults and kids alike. Engage young minds into STEM with a working replica of a classic 8-cylinder internal combustion car engine, while adults enjoy the rewarding experience of building their own mini V8 engine kit that runs like a dream.
REALISTIC MODEL THAT WORKS: Deliver the action of a classic car engine with powerful pistons and interactive cables! Watch the motor fans turn on with real engine sounds from your visible V8 engine model kit, making it a perfect STEM toy for curious minds seeking a fun blend of education and entertainment.
FUEL THE FUN: Our complete toy V8 engine assembly kit provides hours of fun as you tinker with cranks, pulleys, belts, and exhaust valves, bringing this miniature engine kit to life before your very eyes! Conquer long boring days with a small V8 engine kit that runs. (Requires 3x AA Batteries not included)
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED: Supercharge your critical thinking skills with our mini engine build kit! Expand your creativity, think logically, and refine your motor skills as you build a model V8 engine kit all while having fun. Get ready for a brain-boosting build challenge that works wonders!
POPULAR GIFT THAT INSPIRES: Make the world of STEM amazing with our DIY engine kits for adults, teens, young boys and girls! Whether it's for birthdays, holidays, or any special occasion, Playz V8 model engine kit will keep them captivated as they build and operate their own engine from start to finish."
B091G2RGHW	www.amazon.com/dp/B091G2RGHW	DIY | Electric Drawing	Playz Electric Drawing Kit for Kids - Motorized DIY Doodle Board - Build Your Own Electronic Circuit Board Doodler Using a Science Kit for Kids Age 8-12 - Perfect Arts & Crafts Toy for Boys, & Girls	"PERFECT DIY GIFT - Among the best kids educational toys and the ultimate building kit for awesome parents who love to spend learning & leisure time with their tinkering kids, comes with an easy-to-follow, visual guide and durable gears.
AUTOMATIC DRAWING DEVICE - The newest and easiest way to draw 64+ unique geometric shapes and art patterns with an automatic arm rotator, interchangeable gears, and drawing board tailor-fit to decagonal papers. You'll never know what you'd get!
REWARDING ART, SCIENCE, & INVENTION - An innovative arts and crafts kit & STEM educational toys for kids 8-12 years old that opens an endless road for creativity, physics, math, and mechanics exploration.
REAL STEM LEARNING - While other companies 'claim' their top kid's are 'STEM focused', our proven methodology brings Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with open-ended exploration that teaches symmetry and spatial reasoning.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for a refund.
"
B09581B68J	www.amazon.com/dp/B09581B68J	DIY | Flat 6 Engine	Playz Flat 6 Model Engine Building Kit - 320+ Pieces Revved-Up Internal V8 Style Combustion to Build Your Own Mini Engine That Works - DIY STEM Project & Gift for Kids, Teens, & Hobby Kit for Adults	"DIY FLAT 6 ENGINE MODEL - Over 320+ quality toy engine kit pieces and a visual, step-by-step guide to build a fully functional 4-stroke cycle small engine simulation in the safest and most hands-on way possible. (3 x AA BATTERIES NOT INCLUDED)
REAL INTERNAL COMBUSTION - The best mini engine kits that runs through 6 cylinders of authentic internal combustion and real engine sounds which allow your kids to grasp mechanical principles beyond ordinary engineering play experience.
BRING OUT THE HIDDEN ENGINEER - The most educational engine model kit that works for kids ages 12-18 and gives them an absolute engineering confidence by learning what various scientists and engineers developed since the 19th century.
SUPER COOL GIFT IDEA - Perfect for birthday party, impulse, or Christmas gift, this all-in-one rotary engine model kit is loved by all ages! Creates fun family time and introduces adults and young minds to mechanical engineering in one immersive set.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Don't settle for poorly-engineered STEM toys - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to another level!"
B091G9B523	www.amazon.com/dp/B091G9B523	DIY | Piano circuit	Playz Electric Piano Circuit Board for Kids - 38+ Music Lab Experiments, Kids' Electronics Kit, DIY Engineering Toy & Educational Science Kits, & STEM Projects for Kids Ages 8-12, Teens, Boys, & Girls	"MUSIC, ELECTRONICS, ENGINEERING KIT - The finest STEM learning & education toys with 38+ fun & safe piano lab experiments and a visual, fact-filled guide full of practical activities that help kids build command on electronics, engineering, & music.
SMART CONTROLS - Advanced circuit board kit of this toy piano allows kids to test magnetic & touch control, LED light triggers, & more! You will never get bored as you discover new tricks & experiments for years to come.
HANDS-ON ASSEMBLY - Top-of-the-line STEM kits & educational toys for kids 8-12 with over 328+ circuit city parts to tinker with! Learn about electricity voltage, resistance, magnetism, & more in a hands-on, proven way. (2 x AA batteries not included)
REAL STEM EXPERIENCE - Don't settle for poorly-engineered STEM toys - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to another level, with open-ended exploration that fosters curiosity and creates hours of fun & learning.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - This top science toy & building kits for kids ages 8-12 would make an excellent birthday, Christmas, or impulse gift for kids who love to build."
B086VTLMHT	www.amazon.com/dp/B086VTLMHT	DIY | Solar system 3d	Playz Premium Solar System Model Kit for Kids - 4 Speed Motor, HD Planetarium Projector, 8 Painted Planets & 8 White Foam Balls with Paint and Brush for a Hands-On STEM DIY Project for Space Toys	"CURIOUS KIDS FAVORITE TOY: Playz Electric Solar System Model Kit teaches your little astronomer the wonders of our galaxy with a 4 speed orbit motor. Ours is the biggest space toys model kit available in the USA. Perfect astronomy gift for kids!
HANDS ON PROJECT: 75+ premium parts combined with a color instruction manual makes for an intuitive DIY assembly. Loaded with fun educational facts about physics, astronomy, science, and engineering. Large model measures 26"" x 18"" x 11""
OUTER SPACE CREATIVITY: Children can paint their own planets with the included paint set and foam balls or use the high quality laser painted planets for an excellent science fair or school project display!
STUNNING VIEWS: The sun is a portable HD projector that projects 8 beautiful planets on any surface! Many kids use it as a cool nightlight or flashlight. (4x AA BATTERIES NOT INCLUDED)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz solar system kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B091G43YZG	www.amazon.com/dp/B091G43YZG	DIY | T Rex Dinosaur	Playz Electric T Rex Dinosaur Toys for Kids - DIY Dino Construction & Painting Kit - STEM Learning Toys for Kids Age 8-12, Boys & Girls with Realistic Features, Waterproof Paint, 4D Dino Figures	"THE BEST DINOSAUR GIFT FOR BOYS AND GIRLS - Every dino lover's choice! Let your kids engage in roaring imaginations and design unique T Rex toy with a vibrant 6-color waterproof paint set.
TOPNOTCH JURASSIC FUN - Construct an interactive electrical T Rex model with wild realistic movements and sounds that create hours of pretend play for kids age 8-12 years old. Powered by 2 x AA batteries (not included)
EASY HANDS-ON ASSEMBLY - Have a hassle-free quality time with your kids with an easy-to-build yet educational 25+ pieces dinosaur set! 'No glue, no cutting' required, comes with a colorful, fact-filled guide that sets up your child for success.
REAL STEM LEARNING - Don't settle for poorly-engineered 'STEM focused' toys & activity set- our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with 4D dino cutouts and electrical circuit board connections to tinker with.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product."
B091G44FG4	www.amazon.com/dp/B091G44FG4	DIY | Target shooting 	Playz Target Strike Shooting Game Toy for Kids Ages 8-12 - DIY Gadget Gear STEM Science Kit with Rotating Bullseye, Pistol Toy Gun with Practice Target Kids for Boys, Girls, & Teens	"DIY TARGET SHOOTING GAME - The best science kits for kids age 8-12! Build your own shooting site & practice target with premium gears and do-it-yourself fun that exposes kids to engineering principles with the help of colorful, detailed guide.
DEVELOPS SHARP SKILLS - More challenging than your usual floating ball air target game! Playz Target Strike develops quick reflex and motor skills with a rotating gate guarding the target for more dynamic play.
GREAT GIFT FOR KIDS - A holiday toy list must-have and among the most-loved birthday & christmas gifts, this topnotch safe construction & stunt game is ideal for creative & curious boys, girls, teens, kids 8-12 who love to build.
REAL STEM LEARNING - While other companies 'claim' their top kid's toys are 'STEM focused', our proven methodology brings Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with smart features that develop stealth.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product."
B07V29W58M	www.amazon.com/dp/B07V29W58M	DIY | Train steam engine	Playz Train Steam Engine Model Kit to Build for Kids with Real Steam, STEM Science Kits for Kids, Model Engine Kits for Adults and Educational Hobby Gift, Mini Engine Set, Engineering Toy Boys & Girls	"IF YOUR KID LOVES TO BUILD STUFF AND IS CURIOUS ABOUT HOW THINGS WORK then they will love every minute spent building this kid-friendly engine model kit with you. Spark their curiosity and passion for engineering hobbies as they learn how a steam engine is built, then watch their EXCITEMENT AND AWE as they experience the engine run, the whistle sound, lights flick on & off and real steam blow!
THE EASY COLOR STEP-BY-STEP INSTRUCTIONS in the 22-page manual will guide you and your kiddo through the build with ease while providing a challenging and rewarding hands-on learning project. PLUS, with minimal reading required and easy-to-understand diagrams you can put the learning in their hands through every step of the project, giving them confidence, independence and the satisfaction of putting it together themselves.
DON’T RISK YOUR KIDS BEING ANNOYED, DISAPPOINTED AND FRUSTRATED by purchasing inferior quality engineering toys that don’t fit together properly; our 140 quality, precision engineered parts go together beautifully and satisfyingly. You can trust our tried and tested model engine to give your kids an instant confidence boost as they successfully build it, then delight as they flick the switch to power it up!
HOURS OF HANDS-ON LEARNING FUN THAT THEY WILL LOVE as they work out how to build this small engine model, developing critical thinking, logical and creative reasoning and important fine motor skills. Once they’re done, they can take it apart and build it again, and again, and again – extending the learning for them and providing great value and satisfaction for you!
LET’S NOT FORGET THE BIG KIDS! Our engineering kit makes a great adult toy too. If you’re looking for boyfriend gifts, cool gadgets, cool toys, desk toys or cool tech gadgets this electric train set is the unique gift for 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 16+ years olds you’re looking for or adults. Once completed, the model steam engine also makes an excellent desk, office or classroom gadget to tinker with - be the envy of all your friends and colleagues."
B082BHLCSD	www.amazon.com/dp/B082BHLCSD	Kit | Greenhouse	Playz Mars Greenhouse Cloning Kids Science Kit, Grow an Outer Space Indoor Garden with Multiple Kid STEM Science Experiments, Garden Kit for Kids, Toys for 8-12 Year Old Girls and Boys	"YOUR KIDS HAVE LANDED SAFELY ON THEIR MISSION TO MARS! Now, can they successfully set up a living colony to feed them and their fellow astronauts? They’ll need to be expert scientists to grow plants, create fertilizer, make rain and more as they immerse themselves in this boredom-proof, educational science kit.
GUARANTEED TO BE A HIT, they’ll be super excited to get this all-in-one STEM kit straight out of the box and set up, ready for weeks of exciting, engaging science fun! And the step-by-step instructions mean they will love being masters of their own experiments, too, keeping them occupied while you go about your busy day.
MUCH MORE THAN JUST A KIDS GARDENING KIT, our action-packed science kit for kids makes a perfect birthday or Christmas gift. Show them different principles of chemistry, biology and physics in a hands-on way – you’ll love what they learn through the cleverly designed experiments and activities that really work.
PACKED WITH EXPERIMENTS! Can you clone a carrot or potato? How do you make your own Mars growing nutrient? And what do plants do to the CO² from our breath? Includes over 46 different tools and 20 exciting experiments and activities detailed in the jam-packed educational guide, offering great value for money and long-term learning.
TRUST PLAYZ FOR QUALITY: all our products are made with top grade materials, the highest quality testing, supreme craftmanship and rigorous quality control meaning you can be confident your child is playing with a 100% safe STEM toy that will give joy and entertainment for years to come. PLUS, all Playz products are backed by a six-month extended warranty (upon registration)."
B07TYFVYYY	www.amazon.com/dp/B07TYFVYYY	Kit | Unicorn Slime & Crystals	Playz Unicorn Slime & Crystals 100+ Science Experiments Kit Gift for Girls & Boys to Make Glow in The Dark Unicorn Poop, Snot, Fluffy Slime, Crystals, Putty, Arts & Crafts for Kids Age 8-12	"IF YOU KNOW A KID WHO loves science activities and unicorns then this unicorn science kit is guaranteed to be a sure-fire hit. They will adore the great mix of fascinating, amazing and eye-opening experiments that help them LEARN ABOUT ATOMS, POLYMERS, MOLECULES and more - a fantastic and fun learning experience for them, and you!
DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON REGULAR SLIME KITS, unicorn toys or boring kids science experiment kits that are short-lived and finished with after a few days. This is more than just a unicorn slime kit for girls & boys and will HOLD THEIR ATTENTION FOR HOURS with a TON OF VARIED ACTIVITIES they’ll want to bring out again and again. Plus, with over 20 tools and ingredients included, it represents super value.
INSTRUCTION GUIDE & PLAYZ LAB APP provides a super-simple, step-by-step guide to 50 Kit + 50 Playz Lab Custom STEM experiments that REALLY work, plus they’ll love the “What Happened?” section at the bottom of each page which explains not only what happened, but why too! The Apple and Google Playz Lab App gives everyone a deep understanding of important science concepts in a fascinating, fun and interesting way.
WHILE SOME SCIENCE KITS FOR KIDS ARE SIMPLISTIC and include experiments that are all variations of the same thing, we’ve made sure there’s a HUGE VARIETY OF DIFFERING ACTIVITIES, giving your kids maximum learning opportunities and giving you the best value for money. Cloud Slime, Fluffy Slime, Unicorn Poop Slime, Unicorn Snot, Crystal Eggs and Rainbow Glitter Lava Lamps are just some of fantastical creations your child will love making straight out the box.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ GUARANTEE: all our products are backed by a six-month extended warranty (upon registration) and meet and exceed all CPSC safety standards, meaning you can have complete confidence in your purchase today."
B07C5T54DC	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C5T54DC	Kit | Zombie Poop	Playz Disgusting n' Gross Zombie Poop - DIY Stem Learning & Educational Science Kit for Kids Age 8 9 10 11 12 13+ Years Old with 34+ Experiment Tools - Kids Toys and Craft Activities for Boys & Girls	"FUN STEM TOY FOR KIDS: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz science kits for kids, that allows kids to learn about Gels & Cross linked Polymers using Biology & Gruesome special effects!
LOADED WITH VALUE: 34+ Tools, Ingredients, Parts & Cool Stuff combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in the classroom.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their home made science lab! Perfect DIY kit for boys, girls, kids, & teens. A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This Kids Craft Kit challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz Science Experiment Kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B08J9LDZ2N	www.amazon.com/dp/B08J9LDZ2N	Kit | Edible Slime Candy	Playz Edible Slime Candy Making Science Kit for Kids Ages 8-12 Years Old - Food Science Chemistry Kid Science Kit with 25 Experiments to Make Slime Chocolates, Educational Science Kits for Boy & Girls	"DELICIOUS SLIMY TREATS - Inspiring young kids to learn has never been easier or more delicious with the best candy making kit for kids! Make slippery slugs, slimy eyeballs, icky worms, mucky sour candy, oozing hot chocolate, and much more gooey food goodness through these kids science experiments.
EASY TO FOLLOW - The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our DIY kids chemistry set is full of pictures and information presented in a children-friendly way. It's like an easy bake oven for kids, making it one of the best kids science toys for boys and crafts for girls ages 8-12.
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids 8-12 and up. Best Christmas and birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens who love an unforgettable chemistry kit packed with amazing science stuff to create dreamy delicious snacks.
LOADED WITH VALUE - Filled with over 25 experiments, a 20 page activities and lab guide, and over 25 tools & ingredients, our Edible Slime Candy making kit offers only the best science projects for kids ages 8-12. The ideal ""my first science kit"" with a real science lab feel. STEM for kids has never been this tasty! (Some additional common household supplies may be necessary for some experiments)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz educational science kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for a refund."
B096G32VZT	www.amazon.com/dp/B096G32VZT	Kit | Explosive Rainbow	Playz Explosive Rainbow Volcano Kit for Kids with 23+ Science Chemistry Set Activities & Experiments, Glow in The Dark Learning & Education Toys, & Earth Science Kits for Kids Age 8-12, Boys, & Girls	"GLOWING RAINBOW EXPLOSIVES - The most chromatic educational toys for boys & girls! Mix up fun & safe rainbow lava bombs that glow in the dark and host memorable nighttime shows for the family - the perfect cure for curious, creative, or bored kiddos.
WORLD-FAMOUS VOLCANO ERUPTIONS - With this amazing volcano science kit, your energetic kids will have a good time recreating a bad day in Pompeii and learn about historic volcanos, color mixing, & chemical reactions the hands-on, proven way.
REAL STEM LEARNING - Don't settle for poorly-engineered STEM toys - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with 23+ mind-blowing, creative chemistry experiments that creates hours of fun & interactive play.
AGE APPROPRIATE - Playz Rainbow Volcano STEM kit makes an excellent Christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, teens ages 8-12 years old & above, with a full color, step-by-step lab guide that makes science easy & accessible to young minds.
THE PLAYZ PROMISE - Whether you are looking for entertainment or an educational toy that boosts brainpower, this top science toy of 2018, 2019, 2020, & 2021 delivers!"
B07C5SZHCH	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C5SZHCH	Kit | Lava lamp	Playz Lava Lamp & Glitter Tube Arts and Craft Science Activity Set - 34+ Tools to Make a Lava Lamp, Glitter Tube, Bubbling Glitter & More for Girls, Boys, Teenagers, & Kids Age 8+	"EDUCATIONAL ARTS AND CRAFTS: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz science kits that allows kids to learn about properties of light, immiscible fluids, acid base reactions & suspensions through fun lava lamp activities! Perfect fun & hands on educational christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Years Old
LOADED WITH VALUE: 34+ Tools, Ingredients, & Parts combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in the classroom.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This STEM set challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B097HKZ93J	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HKZ93J	Kit | Social Media 	Playz Social Media Influencer Science Kit for Kids with 13+ Trendy Science Experiments & Activities for Kids Ages 8+ - Create a YouTube Channel & Learn to Film Amazing Popular STEM Videos	"BE THE NEXT YOUTUBE STAR - With our new & exclusive social media kids science kit, you can create your own science channel and go in trend with other young YouTubers on the internet - a creative way to divert your kid's attention from online games.
INSTA-WORTHY SCIENCE - Discover the tricks behind the most popular science experiments and film your own demonstration like a pro, a topnotch trending gift idea that comes with a clapperboard, tripod, & more props for realistic vlogging action.
CONTRIBUTE TO A WORLD OF SCIENTIFIC SHARING - Amaze your subscribers with 13+ mind-blowing chemistry experiments! Train your kids to communicate science, interact with the public, and practice proper internet etiquette essential in this day and age.
REAL STEM LEARNING - Don't settle for poorly-engineered STEM toys & activities - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with safe & trending experiments for kids ages 8+ that boost social & scholastic confidence.
THE PLAYZ PROMISE - Not a Science & Internet Whiz Yourself? You're Not Alone! That's why we included a 36-page visual, fact-filled YouTube tips & STEM kits guide for parents and kids ages 8-12."
B07QBQZXHK	www.amazon.com/dp/B07QBQZXHK	Kit | Advanced Circuit Engineering	Playz Advanced Electrical Circuit Board Engineering Kit for Kids with 328+ STEM Projects on Electricity, Voltage, Currents, Resistance, & Magnetic Science | Gift for Children Age 8-13+	"CREATE YOUR OWN CIRCUITS - Does your student or child love learning about science, physics, mechanical, structural, and electrical engineering? This Playz Starter Electronic Circuit Board Toy gives kids the chance to explore how a variety of electronics work, including lights, sounds, magnetism and even radios! Boys and girls can learn how to wire, build and engineer over 25+ exciting electronic experiments for boys and girls!
OVER 328 HANDS-ON EXPERIMENTS - Children ages 8 and older will be able to experience a real science and electronics center at their fingertips. Over 328 experiments will provide unlimited hours of challenging fun for students. Kids will have a blast connecting things like a AM/FM radio, a flying fan, animal sounds, a doorbell, LED lights, and many more!
EXPLORE YOUR SENSES - This electrifying experience includes light controls, magnetic controls, sound controls, and touch controls. Junior scientists will enjoy a sensory experience like no other! Connect the wires to discover and test the powers of your own science center.
EDUCATIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL - Your Playz electronics board includes a 64-page illustrated instruction manual for assembly of circuits and fascinating multi-experiments. Younger children may need adult or parental supervision while setting up this science toy center. Experiments range from simple to challenging, allowing kids to grow and learn in a snap while they’re having fun.
GREAT FOR S.T.E.M. LEARNING - Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics; rather than teach the four methods as separate and individual subjects, STEM consolidates them into a interconnected learning standard based on real-world applications. Each kit is a working model lab that demonstrates STEM concepts for ages 8 and up."
B07C62R9WH	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C62R9WH	Kit | Bath Bomb	Playz Bath Bomb Bonanza - Craft, Experiment & Educational Science Kits for Kids Age 8-12 - DIY Bath Bomb Making Kit for Girls & Boys with 23+ Tools to Make Magic Soda, Foaming Eruptions & More	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring children to learn has never been more fun with Playz science kits for kids, that allows kids to learn about acid and base reactions, cool carbon dioxide & the science of fizz in bathtub full of fun colorful eruptions!
LOADED WITH VALUE: Make your own Bath Bomb Kit with 23+ Tools, Ingredients, & Parts combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in the classroom.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab. Perfect DIY kit for boys, girls, kids, & teens. A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This DIY Bath Bomb Kit challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz craft kit for kids. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B075RKPBYN	www.amazon.com/dp/B075RKPBYN	Kit | Chemistry	Playz Science Kits for Kids Age 8-12 with 900+ Science Experiments STEM Activities with Custom App and Exclusive Live 24/7 Support from an AI Scientist	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Introduce young minds to the exciting world of scientific discoveries through this fun and engaging stem projects for kids ages 8-12 that teaches about the wonders of chemistry with safe and entertaining science experiments.
LOADED WITH VALUE: Our educational science kit comes with 900+ Playz Lab Experiments and 32+ Kit Experiments. You can create your own custom experiments instantly with our patent pending app!
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our chemistry set is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Year Old. Best christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz potion kit for kids. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund. NOTE: Addidtional household items will be required."
B07QBQYGGW	www.amazon.com/dp/B07QBQYGGW	Kit | Circuit Engineering	Playz Electrical Circuit Board Engineering Kit for Kids with 25+ STEM Projects Teaching Electricity, Voltage, Currents, Resistance, & Magnetic Science | Gift for Children Age 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13+	"CREATE YOUR OWN CIRCUITS - Does your student or child love learning about science, physics, mechanical, structural, and electrical engineering? This Playz Starter Electronic Circuit Board Toy gives kids the chance to explore how a variety of electronics work, including lights, sounds, magnetism and even radios! Boys and girls can learn how to wire, build and engineer over 25+ exciting electronic experiments for boys and girls!
OVER 25 HANDS-ON EXPERIMENTS - Children ages 8 and older will be able to experience a real science and electronics center at their fingertips. Over 25 experiments will provide many hours of challenging fun for students. Kids will have a blast connecting things like a AM/FM radio, a flying ball, cool sounds, and much more!
EXPLORE YOUR SENSES - This electrifying experience includes light controls, magnetic controls, sound controls, and touch controls. Junior scientists will enjoy a sensory experience like no other! Connect the wires to discover and test the powers of your own science center.
EDUCATIONAL AND INFORMATIONAL - Your Playz electronics board includes a 64-page illustrated instruction manual for assembly of circuits and fascinating multi-experiments. Younger children may need adult or parental supervision while setting up this science toy center. Experiments range from simple to challenging, allowing kids to grow and learn in a snap while they’re having fun.
GREAT FOR S.T.E.M. LEARNING - Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics; rather than teach the four methods as separate and individual subjects, STEM consolidates them into a interconnected learning standard based on real-world applications. Each kit is a working model lab that demonstrates STEM concepts for ages 8 and up."
B07C68Y5V1	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C68Y5V1	Kit | Coding	Playz My First Coding & Computer Science Kit - Learn About Binary Codes, Encryption, Algorithms & Pixelation Through Fun Puzzling Activities Without Using a Computer for Boys, Girls, Teenagers, Kids	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz science kits that allows kids to learn about computer science while creating binary necklaces, ancient encryption devices, sorting races, mystery mazes, pixelated pictures & much more! Perfect fun & hands on educational christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Years Old
LOADED WITH VALUE: 30+ Tools, Ingredients, & Parts combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in the classroom.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This STEM set challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B07C5T7FDM	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C5T7FDM	Kit | Cupcake Soap	Playz Yummy Cupcake Soap & Bubbles DIY Science Kit - Fun STEM Gift for Age 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 Year Old Girls and Boys - Educational Arts and Crafts for Kids Age 8-12	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz science kit that allows kids to learn about stability of foam & composition of matter that floats or sinks using slippery science that looks yummy but creates loads of bubbles in the sink! Perfect fun & hands on educational christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Years Old
LOADED WITH VALUE: 24+ Tools, Ingredients, & Parts combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in the classroom.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This STEM set challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund.
"
B097HL7H5C	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HL7H5C	Kit | Detective 	Playz Detective Spy Kit for Kids - 15 Mystery & Forensic Experiment Gadgets, Science Toys, & Spy Ninja STEM Projects for Kids Ages 8-12 - Inspect Crime Scenes, Decode Secret Messages, Extract DNA	"SUPER SLEUTH FUN - Solve mysteries with your handy dandy detective spy kit - among the best forensic science kit gifts dressed in trappings of edgy noir for your little Sherlock & Nancy Drew and a family favorite shamelessly hogged by adults.	CRACK THE CASE - Catch the culprit by conducting 15 forensic experiments with a complete science kit easily tidied up in a spy gear suitcase that includes a top secret envelope, detective badge, crime scene tape, & more for real imaginative play.	BRING OUT THE SLY IN THE SPY - Investigate the crime scene with the help of a 36-page visual & fact-filled guide that introduces your kid to real forensic techniques like fingerprinting, footprint moulding, DNA extraction, & decoding secret messages.	REAL STEM LEARNING -  Don't settle for poorly-engineered 'STEM focused' toys - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with top secret missions that foster curiosity, chemistry experiments, & deductive reasoning.	TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - This top educational toy of 2018, 2019, 2020, & 2021 is among the best science kits for kids age 8-12. You know the quality you'll get when purchasing a Playz product. 100% satisfaction guarantee or your money back."
B075RNTZZX	www.amazon.com/dp/B075RNTZZX	Kit | Edible Candy making	Playz Edible Candy Making Science Kit for Kids Ages 8-12 Years Old - Food Science Chemistry Kid Science Kit with 40 Experiments to Make Your Own Chocolates, Educational Science Kits for Boy & Girls	"YUMMY TREATS - Inspiring young kids to learn has never been easier or more delicious with the best candy making kit for kids! Serve a buffet of chewy jelly candies, crystal rock candy, chocolates, lollipops, test for sugar, see how everything dissolves, and much more through these kids science experiments.
EASY TO FOLLOW - The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our DIY kids chemistry set is full of pictures and information presented in a children-friendly way. It's like an easy bake oven for kids, making it one of the best kids science toys for boys and crafts for girls ages 8-12.
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids 8-12 and up. Best Christmas and birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens who love an unforgettable chemistry kit packed with amazing science stuff to create dreamy delicious snacks.
LOADED WITH VALUE - Filled with over 40 experiments, a 32 page activities and lab guide, and over 21 tools & ingredients, our Edible Candy/Gummy making kit offers only the best science projects for kids ages 8-12. The ideal ""my first science kit"" with a real science lab feel. STEM for kids has never been this tasty! (Some additional common household supplies may be necessary for some experiments)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz educational science kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for a refund."
B097HPFDJ1	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HPFDJ1	Kit | Edible Exploding Candy	Playz Edible Exploding Candy Making Science Kit for Kids Ages 8-12 Years Old - Food Science Chemistry Kid Science Kit with 29 Experiments, Educational Science Kits for Boy & Girls	"EXPLOSIVE YUMMYNESS - Inspiring young kids to learn has never been easier or more delicious with the best candy making kit for kids! Make loads of exploding crystal rock candy, jelly candies, chocolates, lollipops that pops, cracks, fizzles, and EXPLODES in your mouth (yes, its safe!) and much more through these kids science experiments.
EASY TO FOLLOW - The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our DIY kids chemistry set is full of pictures and information presented in a children-friendly way. It's like an easy bake oven for kids, making it one of the best kids science toys for boys and crafts for girls ages 8-12.
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids 8-12 and up. Best Christmas and birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens who love an unforgettable chemistry kit packed with amazing science stuff to create dreamy delicious snacks.
LOADED WITH VALUE - Filled with over 29 experiments, a 72 page activities and lab guide, and over 29 tools & ingredients, our Edible Exploding Candy making kit offers only the best science projects for kids ages 8-12. The ideal ""my first science kit"" with a real science lab feel. STEM for kids has never been this tasty! (Some additional common household supplies may be necessary for some experiments)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz educational science kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for a refund."
B097HMB7NG	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HMB7NG	Kit | Edible Poop	Playz Edible Poo Chocolate & Candy Making Science Kit for Kids Ages 8-12 Years Old - Food Science Chemistry Kid Science Kit with 30 Experiments, Educational Science Kits for Boy & Girls	"CHOCOLATE SLIMY GOODNESS! - Inspiring young kids to learn has never been easier or more delicious with the best, most disgusting, and funniest candy making kit for kids! Make loads of chocolate poop that you can eat, test for sugar, and much more through these kids science experiments.
EASY TO FOLLOW - The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our DIY kids chemistry set is full of pictures and information presented in a children-friendly way. It's like an easy bake oven for kids, making it one of the best kids science toys for boys and crafts for girls ages 8-12.
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids 8-12 and up. Best Christmas and birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens who love an unforgettable chemistry kit packed with amazing science stuff to create dreamy delicious snacks.
LOADED WITH VALUE - Filled with over 30 experiments, a 72 page activities and lab guide, and over 32+ tools & ingredients, our Edible Poo Candy making kit offers only the best science projects for kids ages 8-12. The ideal ""my first science kit"" with a real science lab feel. STEM for kids has never been this tasty and hilarious! (Some additional common household supplies may be necessary for some experiments)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz educational science kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for a refund."
B097HM3HV4	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HM3HV4	Kit | Edible Unicorn Poop	Playz Unicorn Poop Candy Making Science Kit for Kids Ages 8-12 Years Old - Food Science Chemistry Kid Science Kit with 32 Experiments to Make Chocolates, Educational Science Kits for Boy & Girls	"LOOK MOMMIE, RAINBOW SLIME - Inspiring young kids to learn has never been easier or more delicious with the best chocolate & candy making kit for kids! Make loads of of rainbow colored gooey desserts that you can eat, test for sugar, see how everything dissolves and much more through these kids science experiments.
EASY TO FOLLOW - The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our DIY kids chemistry set is full of pictures and information presented in a children-friendly way. It's like an easy bake oven for kids, making it one of the best kids science toys for boys and crafts for girls ages 8-12.
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids 8-12 and up. Best Christmas and birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens who love an unforgettable chemistry kit packed with amazing science stuff to create dreamy delicious snacks.
LOADED WITH VALUE - Filled with over 32 experiments, a 72 page activities and lab guide, and over 39 tools & ingredients, our Edible Unicorn Poo candy making kit offers only the best science projects for kids ages 8-12. The ideal ""my first science kit"" with a real science lab feel. STEM for kids has never been this tasty! (Some additional common household supplies may be necessary for some experiments)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz educational science kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for a refund."
B07DF39LKW	www.amazon.com/dp/B07DF39LKW	Kit | Electric + magnetic	Playz Ridiculous Inventions Science Kits for Kids - Energy, Electricity & Magnetic Experiments Set - Build Electric Circuits, Motors, Telegraphic Messages, Robotics & More Kids Educational Toys	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz STEM science gift that allows kids to learn about circuits, switches, sound propagation & static electricity using home-made boomerangs, magnetic force fields, spectrum rainbows, telegraphic messages, whirling windmills, levitating serpents, & robotic turtles! Perfect fun & hands on educational christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Years Old
LOADED WITH VALUE: 26+ Experiments, 31+ Tools & Ingredients, and 72 Pages of activities and educational instructions guide.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This STEM set challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund. Please note: you will need additional common household items for some experiments."
B097HN4NRB	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HN4NRB	Kit | Explosive 	Playz KABOOM! Explosive Eruptions & Foam Bombs - 18+ Fun & Safe STEM Experiments Chemistry Set & Science Kits for Kids Age 8-12. Make Magic Foam, Volcano Eruption, & Glow In The Dark Chemical Reaction	"KABOOM! THE EXTREMELY FUN EXPLOSIVE FOAM KIT - Curious, energetic, or bored kiddo? We guarantee this becomes your kid's favorite toy, with the ideal balance of explosive fun kids love and the safety (& detailed visual guide) you'll appreciate.
DIY MADE EASY - Not a Science Whiz Yourself? That's why we included a 36-page fact-filled, colorful, step-by-step lab guide that makes STEM learning as EASY as 1-2-3, from colorful foam bombs, to erupting volcanos, this giant science kit delivers
AGE APPROPRIATE - Playz KABOOM makes an excellent Christmas or Birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, teens ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 years old, with more than enough classroom science kits to entertain a room full of teenagers or school-age children.
REAL STEM LEARNING - Don't settle for poorly-engineered 'STEM focused' toys - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with 18 KABOOM foam experiments that promote natural learning - the hands-on, proven way.
THE PLAYZ PROMISE - Whether you are looking for entertainment or an educational toy that boosts brainpower, this top science toy of 2018, 2019, 2020, & 2021 delivers!"
B075RV2ZRR	www.amazon.com/dp/B075RV2ZRR	Kit | Explosive Chemistry	Playz Kaboom! 50+ Explosive Science Experiments Kit for Kids Age 8-12 with 25 Playz Lab Token Experiments - Chemistry Set STEM Learning & Educational Toys & Gifts for Boys, Girls, Teenagers & Kids	"KABOOM! The Irresistibly Fun Combustion Chemistry Kit - “CURIOUS” “HIGH ENERGY” “CREATIVE” (or bored ;) kiddo? We guarantee this becomes your kid’s favorite toy, with the ideal balance of explosive fun kids love and safety you’ll appreciate.
LOADED WITH VALUE: Our educational science kit comes with 50+ KABOOM science experiments, from making balloon rockets from a chemical reaction, to creating their own fizzy bombs, to creating color explosions to exploding bags and much more!
AGE APPROPRIATE: Playz KABOOM makes an excellent Christmas or Birthday gift for boys, girls, teens and kids age 8 9 10 11 12 13+ years old, with more than enough kids activity to entertain a room full of teenagers or school-age children.
EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Introduce young minds to the exciting world of scientific discoveries through this fun and engaging stem projects for kids ages 8-12 that teaches about the wonders of chemistry with safe and entertaining science experiments.
THE PLAYZ PROMISE - Not a Science Whiz? You’re Not Alone! That’s why we include a fun fact-filled lab guide with pictures and step-by-step instructions."
B07DF46VLV	www.amazon.com/dp/B07DF46VLV	Kit | Explosive Lab	Playz Explosive Kitchen Lab Educational Science Kit for Kids Age 8-12 with 26 Science Experiments to Make Citrus Rockets, Sour LED Lights & More - Chemistry Set Toys for Boys, Girls, Teenagers & Kids	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz chemistry kits that allows kids to learn about acids, bases, pH scale, DNA, electricity & diffusion through volcanic activities powered by lemon fuel!
LOADED WITH VALUE: Our chemistry set include 26+ Science Experiments, 41+ Tools & Ingredients & 36 Page Activity and Lab Guide for hours of fun education at home or in classroom. Perfect educational toys for boys & girls.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their home made science lab! Perfect christmas or birthday science kits gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 8 9 10 11 12+ Years Old.
ENGAGES THE MIND: This kids activity kit challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz science kit. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund. NOTE: Additional household items are required."
B08HSFDZP6	www.amazon.com/dp/B08HSFDZP6	Kit | Extreme Chemistry	Playz 52 Extreme Kids Chemistry Experiments Set - STEM Activities & Science Kits for Kids Age 8-12 with 51+ Tools - Discovery Science Educational Toys & Gifts for Boys, Girls, Teenagers & Kids	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Introduce young minds to the exciting world of scientific discoveries through this fun and engaging stem projects for kids ages 8-12 that teaches about the wonders of chemistry with safe and entertaining science experiments.
LOADED WITH VALUE: Our educational science kit comes with 52+ experiments including under water volcano, exploding fireproof balloons, sticky molecules, density layers, sticky drops of H20, extinguish a flame with C02, test PH, and much more!
EXCITING EDUCATIONAL TOYS - Combine STEM concepts to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers with our science kit for kids ages 8 9 10 11 12+ Year Old. Best christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, & teens.
EASY TO FOLLOW - The fact-filled colorful lab guide in our chemistry set is chock-full of pictures and information for hours of fun in your own science lab at home! Perfect kids activity kit for school projects and science fairs!
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz potion kit for kids. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund. NOTE: Addidtional household items will be required."
B07FWFSKL9	www.amazon.com/dp/B07FWFSKL9	Kit | Ice Cream Candy	Playz Brain Freeze Ice Cream Candy Making Food Science Kit - 18+ Yummy STEM Experiments, 36 Page Lab Guide, 13+ Ingredients and Tools for Boys, Girls, Kids, and Teenagers	"YUMMY FUN SCIENCE - Inspiring young kids to learn has never been easier...or more delicious! Make instant ice that melts, invert sugar crystals, brew tasty sorbets, whip up some slushy, creamy, jelly, or yogurt flavored ice cream in strawberry, banana, or vanilla flavors...and much more all through science! Perfect christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teenagers Ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Years Old
EASY TO FOLLOW - Playz next generation science kits include color laboratory guides and instructions with pictures that tell educational stories resulting in super easy to follow science projects that motivates A+ grades in school. This allows our kids to develop different cognitive skills while having fun making discoveries through challenging chemical reactions...they don't even know they're becoming smarter through chemistry recipes!
EXCITING EDUCATION - Combine STEM toys concepts with over 18 hands on experiments to unleash a massive amount of learning potential in children and teenagers. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics.
LOADED WITH VALUE - Our Brain Freeze kitchen science kit is jam packed with experiments that foster curiosity, a 36 page activities and lab guide, and over 13 tools & ingredients. (Some additional common household supplies may be necessary for some experiments)
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B07C65298W	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C65298W	Kit | Lip balm	Playz Yummy Lip Balm Makeup Arts & Craft Kit to Create Fruity Lipstick, Shimmering Balms, & Solar Lip Screens Using Science Experiments for Girls, Teens, Teenagers & Kids Ages 8+	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with this Playz STEM arts and crafts science kit that allows kids to learn about natural iridescence & SPF factor using UV detector beads & crafty science activities! Perfect fun & hands on educational christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 8, 9, 10, 11, 12+ Years Old
LOADED WITH VALUE: 26+ Tools, Ingredients, & Parts combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in the classroom.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! A fun way to educate kids has never been easier!
ENGAGES THE MIND: This STEM set challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B0CGWWNYKX	www.amazon.com/dp/B0CGWWNYKX	Kit | Mega Kaboom 75	Playz Mega Kaboom! 150+ Explosive Science Experiments Kit for Kids Age 8-12 with 75 App & Video Guided Experiments - Chemistry Set STEM & Educational Toys & Gifts for Boys, Girls, Teenagers & Kids	"KABOOM! The Irresistibly Fun Combustion Chemistry Kit - “CURIOUS” “HIGH ENERGY” “CREATIVE” (or bored ;) kiddo? We guarantee this becomes your kid’s favorite toy, with the ideal balance of explosive fun kids love and safety you’ll appreciate.
LOADED WITH VALUE: Our educational science kit comes with 150+ KABOOM science experiments, from making balloon rockets from a chemical reaction, to creating their own fizzy bombs, to creating color explosions to exploding bags and much more!
AGE APPROPRIATE: Playz KABOOM makes an excellent Christmas or Birthday gift for boys, girls, teens and kids age 8 9 10 11 12 13+ years old, with more than enough kids activity to entertain a room full of teenagers or school-age children.
EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Introduce young minds to the exciting world of scientific discoveries through this fun and engaging stem projects for kids ages 8-12 that teaches about the wonders of chemistry with safe and entertaining science experiments.
THE PLAYZ PROMISE - Not a Science Whiz? You’re Not Alone! That’s why we include a fun fact-filled lab guide with pictures and step-by-step instructions. We ensure your TOTAL satisfaction with the quality, fun and ease of use."
B097HPXPPW	www.amazon.com/dp/B097HPXPPW	Kit | Space Exploration	Playz Solar System for Kids Exploration Kit - 17 Outer Space STEM Experiments & Science Toys for Kids Ages 4-12 - Make DIY Rockets, Eclipse, Constellation Projector, 2D Solar System Model, Planet Toys	"WORLD OF ASTRONOMY - Acquaint your kids with the wonders of the solar system with the best STEM toys in the planet! The perfect birthday, Christmas, or impulse gift to introduce kids to world of astronomy in the most fun, hands-on way.
PROBE THE GALAXY - Shoot for the stars with 17+ DIY exploration experiments & solar system toys! Your one-stop science kit to uncover the rules of the universe, moon phases, earth rotation and translation, eclipse, constellations, & more.
ROCKET SCIENCE MADE ACCESSIBLE - A 36-Page visual probing guide filled w/ DIY activities such as building a rocket, solar clock, 2D solar system, & simulations will make space science accessible to boys, girls, teens & kids ages 4+.
REAL STEM LEARNING - Don't settle for poorly-engineered STEM kits - our proven methods bring Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math to life, with age appropriate space trivia & outstanding science fair projects.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us anytime for an easy solution."
B07C5T9QDG	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C5T9QDG	Kit | Volcano	Playz Volcanic Eruption & Lava Lab - Educational Science Kits for Kids Age 8-12+ with 22+ Tools to Make Lava Bombs, Volcano Eruptions, & More - Chemistry Set Toys for Boys, Girls, Teenagers & Kids	"EXCITING WAY TO LEARN: Inspiring young children to learn has never been more fun with Playz STEM volcano science kit that allow kids to learn about volcano eruptions, minerals, & natural gases using acid based chemistry that will blow their minds!
LOADED WITH VALUE: Our science experiments kit include 22+ Tools, Ingredients & Parts combined with a fun and simple instructions book make for hours of fun education at home or in classroom. Perfect educational science kit for boys & girls.
EASY TO USE: The fact-filled colorful lab guide is full of pictures and information giving kids hours of fun in their own home made science lab! Perfect christmas or birthday gift for boys, girls, kids, & teens Ages 8 9 10 11 12+ Years Old.
ENGAGES THE MIND: This kids activity kit challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result.
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz chemistry set. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B096G2GVWR	www.amazon.com/dp/B096G2GVWR	Kit | Volcano + Fossil dig 	Playz Huge Earth Volcano, Dinosaur & Fossil Dig Kit - Stem Science Kit for Kids Age 8 9 10 11 12 13+ Years Old - 46+ Fun & Safe Geology Experiments - Kids Toys and Craft Activities for Boys & Girls	"THE ULTIMATE DIGGING KIT - One of the bestselling STEM toys with over 46+ fun & safe experiments to dig out the history behind dinosaurs, volcano eruptions, ancient rock collection, land formations, & more - the perfect science kit for curious kids.
FUN WITH FOSSILS - Top-of-the-line learning & education Earth science kit that creatively combine chemistry, physics, geology, & more. Make lava bombs, gemstone, and fossil rocks using techniques of a true paleontologist.
SUPER COOL GIFT FOR KIDS - The perfect kids toys & educational science kits for kids age 8-12+. Ideal for Birthdays, Christmas, and impulse gifts that create hours of fun & interactive advent play for the young scientist.
ENGAGES THE MIND: This Kids Craft Kit challenges the child's mind as they work through the detailed easy-to-follow instruction guide, learning about classroom subjects in a fun way. You will even see test grades improve as a result.
THE PLAYZ PROMISE - Not a Science Whiz Yourself? You're Not Alone! That's why we included a fact-filled, colorful, step-by-step lab guide that makes STEM learning as EASY as 1-2-3."
B073PTC6F2	www.amazon.com/dp/B073PTC6F2	Tent | Fairytale Fortress | 3pc	Playz 3pc Girls Princess Fairy Tale Castle Play Tent, Crawl Tunnel & Ball Pit w/Pink Prairie Design - Foldable for Indoor & Outdoor Use w/Zipper Storage Case	"MADE WITH LOVE FOR A PRINCESS ★ Children fall in love with our premium dream playpen tents for kids. With a mesh window, 1 mesh sunroof, crawl tunnel, and basketball ball pit, they will enjoy hours of make believe and imaginative play!
NEW UPGRADED 3PC COMBO★ Soft fabric & breathable mesh design allows for a safe & environmental friendly playground for the kids. Playz toys meet & exceed all USA Toy Safety Guidelines.
SIMPLE & STURDY ★ Portable, durable, easy to setup & foldable with a lightweight zipper carrying bag for convenient storage. ** PLAY PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED **
USE WITH PIT BALLS ★ Purchase with Playz Pit Balls under ASIN B07C5F2TNG and use the fun play set at parties, picnics, backyard BBQs, parks, playgrounds, day care, school, carnivals, sleepovers, or simply keep it in the playroom at home! Great for dogs, cats, pets as well.
YOUR SATISFACTION, OUR PRIORITY★ Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about ours kids, so don’t settle for anything but the best!"
B01E2X47SG	www.amazon.com/dp/B01E2X47SG	Tent | Red Berry | 4 pc	Playz 4pc Pop Up Play Tent and Tunnel Bundle for Toddlers and Kids - Indoor & Outdoor Playhouse With Storage Bag, Red & Blue	"PLAYTIME COMES TO LIFE with this 4-piece Premium Red Berry indoor & outdoor pop up playhouse! Includes spacious kids play tents and interactive crawl tunnels obstacle course that will keep children entertained for hours. Kids can enjoy endless possibilities by customizing tent and pop up play tunnel configurations! A must-have toy for any active kid, toddler, baby, cats & dogs, and even adults.
RATED #1 KIDS FAVORITE TOY that parents love! THE PERFECT GIFT on any occasion or impulse buying, these kids' play tents & tunnels bring fun on a whole new level on birthday parties, picnics, carnivals, and sleepovers. Value bundle of 4-piece tents and kids play tunnels for toddlers, babies, and kids set is popular for first Birthday gifts and Christmas Gift. Add 200-1000 balls in the play tent with tunnel serving as a large ball pit. 👉BALL PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED👈
INSTANT ASSEMBLY & STORAGE The entire outdoor and indoor playhouse pops open in seconds! The toy tunnels fasten close with frustration-free easy-locks. The hut and cube cave fold away for flat storage in the included carry case. Easy-to-pack portable play area and kids tunnel tent bundle to take along to Grandma's home! Perfect kids tents indoor playhouses or outdoor use in the backyard, parks, playground, daycare, preschool, nursery, playgroups.
SUPER SAFE, SUPERIOR CONSTRUCTION This lightweight yet ultra durable playtime castle is made with the highest quality 190T soft polyester fabric and thick steel wiring, assuring your kids a SAFE, LONG LASTING, and ENJOYABLE play experience for hours! Playz is the ONLY play tent company to craft baby toys with superior triple secured ends (clip, tape & heat gun sealed PVC tube) so the SPRINGS WON’T COME LOOSE and injure your child. BABY APPROVED and exceeds all USA toy safety guidelines.
100% HAPPINESS, PLAYZ PROMISE Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about the happiness of your kids, so don't settle for anything but the best. If you run across any issues with your Playz kids tent and toddler play tunnel, contact us right away and someone from our USA team will resolve any issues instantly!"
B073PTVDCQ	www.amazon.com/dp/B073PTVDCQ	Tent | Jungle Gym | 5pc	Playz 5pc Kids Play Tent Jungle Gym, Ball Pit, Pop Up Tents & Kids Play Tunnel for Toddlers, Babies, and Kids Indoor & Outdoor Playhouse Bundle with Dartboard and 5 Sticky Balls, Gift for Boys & Girls	"BOREDOM BUSTER JUNGLE GYM This vibrant Playz 5-piece indoor & outdoor pop up playhouse includes spacious kids play tent, big kids ball pit, interactive crawl tunnels obstacle course, extra dartboard game & 5 sticky balls that will keep children entertained for hours! Kids can customize the many different crazy maze combos and add more! A must-have toy for any active kid, toddler, baby, cats & dogs, and even adults, add 200-1000 balls depending on the ball size. 👉BALL PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED👈
RATED #1 KIDS FAVORITE TOY that parents love! THE PERFECT GIFT on any occasion and impulse buying, this kids play tent with tunnel and ball pit brings fun on a whole new level on birthday parties, picnics, carnivals, and sleepovers. This value bundle of 5-piece ball pit tent and kids play tunnel for toddlers, babies, and kids set comes highly recommended for first Birthday gifts and Christmas Gift.
INSTANT ASSEMBLY & STORAGE The entire Playz ball pit, play tent and tunnels for kids set pops open in seconds! The toy tunnels fasten close with frustration-free easy-locks. The hut, cube cave & ball house fold away for flat storage in the included carry case. Easy-to-pack portable toy ball pit and kids tunnel tent bundle to take along to Grandma's home! Perfect kids tents indoor playhouses or outdoor use in the backyard, parks, playground, daycare, preschool, nursery, playgroups.
SUPER SAFE, SUPERIOR CONSTRUCTION This lightweight yet ultra durable Jungle Gym edition is made with the highest quality 190T soft polyester fabric and thick steel wiring, assuring your kids a SAFE, LONG LASTING, and ENJOYABLE play experience for hours! Playz is the ONLY play tent company to craft baby toys with superior triple secured ends (clip, tape & heat gun sealed PVC tube) so the SPRINGS WON’T COME LOOSE and injure your child. BABY APPROVED and exceeds all USA toy safety guidelines.
100% HAPPINESS, PLAYZ PROMISE Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about the happiness of your kids, so don't settle for anything but the best. If you run across any issues with your Playz pop up tent with ball pit, contact us right away and someone from our USA team will resolve any issues instantly!"
B01E2X6PVS	www.amazon.com/dp/B01E2X6PVS	Tent | Little Princess | 50 balls	Playz Ball Pit Princess Castle Play Tent for Girls w/ 50 Balls Included - Pop Up Children Play Tent for Indoor & Outdoor Use - Playland Playhouse Tent w/ & Glow in The Dark Stars & Zipper Storage Case	"★ 50 BALLS INCLUDED - GLOW IN THE DARK STARS ❤ Children fall in love with our premium dream tents for kids. With a removable roof top, mesh siding and gorgeous glow in the dark stars & hearts design, their fairytale experience will be transformed into a Cinderella’s dream world!
★ PRINCESS APPROVED ❤ Soft thick fabric & quality breathable mesh design allows for a safe & environmental friendly playground for the kids. Playz toys meet & exceed all USA Toy Safety Guidelines. Helps develop arm and leg muscles and gross motor skills. Excellent for sensory processing disorders, ADHD and other developmental issues.
★ POPS OPEN IN 1 SECOND ❤ Portable, durable, easy to setup & foldable with a lightweight zipper carrying bag for convenient storage. ** 50 PLAY PIT BALLS ARE INCLUDED **
★ MULTIPURPOSE KIDS TENT ❤ Use it at parties, picnics, backyard BBQs, parks, playgrounds, day care, school, carnivals, sleepovers, or simply keep it in the playroom at home! Great for dogs, cats, and pets as well!
★ YOUR SATISFACTION, OUR PRIORITY ★ Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about ours kids, so don’t settle for anything but the best."
B073PTQL1H	www.amazon.com/dp/B073PTQL1H	Tent | Pink Polka | 3pc	Playz 3pc Kids Play Tent Crawl Tunnel and Ball Pit Pop Up Playhouse Tent with Basketball Hoop for Girls, Boys, Babies, and Toddlers for Indoor and Outdoor Use with Pink Carrying Case	"EXCELLENT GIFT ★ Children love this deluxe Pink 3pc playhouse dream tent, crawl tunnel & basketball pit, hoop. Their imaginations will come alive as they enjoy endless hours of fun crawling & playing in the playland ball pit for an unforgettable experience.
BABY APPROVED ★ Soft fabric & breathable mesh design allows for a safe & environmental friendly playground for the kids. Playz toys meet & exceed all USA Toy Safety Guidelines.
SIMPLE & STURDY ★ Portable, durable, easy to setup & foldable, a lightweight zipper carrying bag for convenient storage. The tunnel, tent & ball pit can be used all together, as a 2pc set, or individually. ** PLAY PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED **
USE WITH PIT BALLS ★ Purchase with Playz Pit Balls and use the fun play set at parties, picnics, backyard BBQs, parks, playgrounds, day care, school, carnivals, sleepovers, or simply keep it in the playroom at home! Great for dogs, cats, pets as well."
B073PV3LYY	www.amazon.com/dp/B073PV3LYY	Tent | Prima | 5pc	Playz 5pc Kids Princess Play Tent, Ball Pit with Basketball Hoop & Kids Play Tunnel for Toddlers, Babies, Kids, Girls & Boys Indoor & Outdoor Pop Up Playhouse Bundle with Bag, Yellow, Pink & Purple	"DREAMY WONDERLAND This 5-piece Premium Prima Princess indoor & outdoor pop up playhouse in Pink, Yellow & Purple shades includes spacious kids play tents, big kids ball pit with basketball hoop, interactive crawl tunnels obstacle course that will keep children entertained for hours. Kids can enjoy endless possibilities by customizing tent and tunnel configurations! A must-have toy for any active kid, toddler, baby, cats & dogs, and even adults.
RATED #1 KIDS FAVORITE TOY that parents love! THE PERFECT GIFT on any occasion and impulse buying, this kids play tent with tunnel and ball pit brings fun on a whole new level on birthday parties, picnics, carnivals, and sleepovers. This value bundle of 5-piece ball pit tent and kids play tunnel for toddlers, babies, and kids set is great for first Birthday gifts and Christmas Gift. Add 200-1000 balls depending on the ball size. 👉BALL PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED👈
INSTANT ASSEMBLY & STORAGE The entire Playz ball pit, play tent and tunnels for kids set pops open in seconds! The toy tunnels fasten close with frustration-free easy-locks. The hut, cube cave & ball house fold away for flat storage in the included carry case. Easy-to-pack portable toy ball pit and kids tunnel tent bundle to take along to Grandma's home! Perfect kids tents indoor playhouses or outdoor use in the backyard, parks, playground, daycare, preschool, nursery, playgroups.
SUPER SAFE, SUPERIOR CONSTRUCTION This lightweight yet ultra durable Jungle Gym edition is made with the highest quality 190T soft polyester fabric and thick steel wiring, assuring your kids a SAFE, LONG LASTING, and ENJOYABLE play experience for hours! Playz is the ONLY play tent company to craft baby toys with superior triple secured ends (clip, tape & heat gun sealed PVC tube) so the SPRINGS WON’T COME LOOSE and injure your child. BABY APPROVED and exceeds all USA toy safety guidelines.
100% HAPPINESS, PLAYZ PROMISE Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about the happiness of your kids, so don't settle for anything but the best. If you run across any issues with your Playz pop up tent with ball pit, contact us right away and someone from our USA team will resolve any issues instantly!"
B01E2WVO60	www.amazon.com/dp/B01E2WVO60	Tent | Princess Castle with costume | 5pc	Playz 5-Piece Princess Castle Girls Pop Up Play Tent & Dress Up Costume Bundle - Playhouse Gift for Girls & Toddler for Indoor & Outdoor Use with Pink Fairy Tale Carrying Bag & Glow in The Dark Stars	"❤ LIMITED EDITION PRINCESS BUNDLE! ❤ Children fall in love with our premium tents for kids. Featuring a glow in the dark stars & hearts design with 2 mesh windows and a sunroof. Your child will look and feel like a princess because Playz now includes butterfly wings, a tiara crown, princess wand, & triple layer tutu dress up skirt.
❤ BABY APPROVED ❤ We were inspired by dozens of little kids opinions which led to our innovative child-friendly design. Soft thick fabric, breathable mesh walls, and flexible padded structure gives your child the safest enjoyable experience. Playz toys always meet & exceed all USA Toy Safety Guidelines.
❤ SIMPLE & STURDY ❤ Portable, durable, easy to setup & foldable with a lightweight zipper carrying bag for convenient storage. ** PLAY BALL PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED **
❤ MULTIPURPOSE KIDS TENT ❤ Purchase with Playz Pit Balls under ASIN B07C5F2TNG and use the set at parties, picnics, backyard BBQs, parks, playgrounds, day care, school, carnivals, sleepovers, or simply keep it in the playroom at home for a dream tent! Great for dogs, cats, and pets as well! Give it as a christmas gift to 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 year old girls, boys, and toddlers.
❤ TRUST OUR PLAYZ GUARANTEE ❤ You are purchasing from a real family operated small business that truly cares about our customers happiness and satisfaction. Contact our friendly Playz staff at anytime and we guarantee to give you an excellent after purchase experience."
B073PTTDX5	www.amazon.com/dp/B073PTTDX5	Tent | Rocket Ship | 3pc	Playz 3pc Rocket Ship Astronaut Kids Play Tent, Tunnel, & Ball Pit with Basketball Hoop Toys for Boys, Girls, Babies, and Toddlers - STEM Inspired Educational Galactic Spaceship Design w/Planets	"ASTRONOMY TOYS FOR KIDS : Your child will take off into an outer space adventure with this 3-piece playhouse castle tent, crawl tunnel & basketball pit with hoop. With our one of a kind space shuttle rocket ship design, their imaginations will come alive as they enjoy endless hours of space exploration while crawling & playing in the playland ball pit.
NASA BABY APPROVED : We were inspired by dozens of little kids opinions which led to our innovative child-friendly & educational design. Soft thick fabric, breathable mesh walls, and flexible padded structure gives your child the safest enjoyable experience. Playz toys always meet & exceed all USA Toy Safety Guidelines.
FAST INSTANT ASSEMBLY : Portable, durable, easy to setup & foldable into a lightweight zipper carrying bag for convenient storage underneath your couch! The tunnel, tent & ball pit can be used all together, as a 2pc set, or individually using the velcro cover for tunnel openings. PLAY PIT BALLS ARE NOT INCLUDED.
MULTIPURPOSE SPACE STATION : Purchase with Playz Pit Balls under ASIN B07C57J7VQ. Use the play set at parties, picnics, backyard BBQs, parks, playgrounds, day care, school, carnivals, sleepovers, or just keep it in the nursery. Give it as a Christmas gift to 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 year old girls and boys. Excellent for your little dogs and cats as a pet tunnel or play cave as well
TRUST OUR PLAYZ GUARANTEE : You are purchasing from a real family operated small business that truly cares about our customers happiness and satisfaction. Contact our friendly Playz staff at anytime and we guarantee to give you an excellent after purchase experience. Cheers!"
B01E2XACUS	www.amazon.com/dp/B01E2XACUS	Tent | Ruby Red | 5pc	Playz 5-Piece Kids Play Tents Crawl Tunnels and Ball Pit Popup Bounce Playhouse Tent with Basketball Hoop for Indoor and Outdoor Use with Red Carrying Case	"PLAYTIME COMES TO LIFE with this 5-piece Premium Ruby Red indoor & outdoor pop up playhouse in Polka Dot Design! Includes spacious kids play tents, large ball pit with basketball hoop, interactive crawl tunnels obstacle course that will keep children entertained for hours. Kids can enjoy endless possibilities by customizing tent and tunnel configurations! A must-have toy for any active kid, toddler, baby, cats & dogs, and even adults.
RATED #1 KIDS FAVORITE TOY that parents love! THE PERFECT GIFT on any occasion and impulse buying, this kids play tent with tunnel and ball pit brings fun on a whole new level on birthday parties, picnics, carnivals, and sleepovers. This value bundle of 5-piece ball pit tent and kids play tunnel for toddlers, babies, and kids set is popular for first Birthday gifts and Christmas Gift. Add 200-1000 balls depending on the ball size. 👉BALL PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED👈
INSTANT ASSEMBLY & STORAGE The entire Playz ball pit, play tent and tunnels for kids set pops open in seconds! The toy tunnels fasten close with frustration-free easy-locks. The hut, cube cave & ball house fold away for flat storage in the included carry case. Easy-to-pack portable toy ball pit and kids tunnel tent bundle to take along to Grandma's home! Perfect kids tents indoor playhouses or outdoor use in the backyard, parks, playground, daycare, preschool, nursery, playgroups.
SUPER SAFE, SUPERIOR CONSTRUCTION This lightweight yet ultra durable playtime castle is made with the highest quality 190T soft polyester fabric and thick steel wiring, assuring your kids a SAFE, LONG LASTING, and ENJOYABLE play experience for hours! Playz is the ONLY play tent company to craft baby toys with superior triple secured ends (clip, tape & heat gun sealed PVC tube) so the SPRINGS WON’T COME LOOSE and injure your child. BABY APPROVED and exceeds all USA toy safety guidelines.
100% HAPPINESS, PLAYZ PROMISE Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about the happiness of your kids, so don't settle for anything but the best. If you run across any issues with your Playz pop up tent with ball pit, contact us right away and someone from our USA team will resolve any issues instantly!"
B07XZH4524	www.amazon.com/dp/B07XZH4524	Tent | Space Shuttle | 1pc	Playz 5-in-1 Rocket Ship Play Tent for Kids with Dart Board, Tic Tac Toe, Maze Game, & Immersive Floor - Indoor & Outdoor Popup Playhouse Set for Toddler, Baby, & Children Birthday Gifts	"FIVE EXCITING WAYS TO PLAY are built into this pop up rocket ship tent, ensuring it grows with your space-mad kids and becomes their favorite playroom hobby for years to come. At the same time, you will delight in the knowledge that they’re learning important number & counting, strategic thinking, social interaction and turn taking skills.
MORE THAN JUST A KID TENT, OUR UNIQUE ROCKET SHIP PLAY TENT for boys & girls incorporates four games into the toddler play house interior and exterior: Space Dart Board, Tic Tac Toe, Circuit Maze and What’s Your Monster Alien Name? Plus, use the realistic and detailed rocket cockpit design on the tent floor for out-of-this-world astronaut imaginative play. Looking for space toys for 4-5 year old boys or girls with a difference? Then THIS is your gift solution.
BIGGER THAN YOUR AVERAGE PLAY TENT, our 53” H x 41” W space rocket tepee tent for kids comfortably accommodates three children, and is big enough for even your biggest astronauts to stand up in. Make into a cosy reading tent for kids, use as a kids outdoor playhouse, as great tents for parties or add to your existing astronaut toys and space toys for 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8 year old boys or girls.
DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON CHEAP AND FLIMSY POP UP TENTS that rip or tear after only minutes of play, resulting in bored, frustrated and disappointed kids. We use a special double stitching technique that creates unbreakable seams, and our tent poles feature thick padded steel frames and reinforced flexible fibreglass guaranteeing this tent will be around year, after year, after year.
TRUST PLAYZ FOR QUALITY: all our products are made with supreme craftsmanship, the highest quality testing, top grade materials and rigorous quality control meaning you can be confident your child is playing with a 100% safe pack and play that will give joy and entertainment for years to come. PLUS, all Playz products are backed by a six-month extended warranty (upon registration)."
B01E2XDP5C	www.amazon.com/dp/B01E2XDP5C	Tent | Sunset | 5pc	Playz 5-Piece Kids Pop up Play Tent Crawl Tunnel and Ball Pit with Basketball Hoop Playhouse for Boys, Girls, Babies, and Toddlers (Purple, Orange, Yellow, Red, Blue)	"BEST GIFT FOR FUN : Your child will love this premium maze of unique tents and tunnels. The vibrant colors and interchangeable pieces allow you to customize this multipurpose play set into dozens of different combinations. Use it as an outdoor obstacle course on the playground or an indoor playhouse filled with ball pit balls to slam dunk into the multiple basketball hoops.
ENHANCED ONE-OF-A-KIND DESIGN : The teepee tent features 5 mesh net holes and a basketball hoop with a cool ball return funnel that allows children to play a variety of cool games. The closable ball pit tunnel opening allows it to be used as a separate ball pool and will hold 200 balls or over 1000 balls. Our colorful double mesh tunnel has a flexible structure with padded steel wire. The cube tent features 4-way access and connection capability for making different combinations of tents.
BABY APPROVED : We were inspired by dozens of little kids opinions which led to our innovative child-friendly design. Soft thick fabric, breathable mesh walls, and flexible padded structure gives your child the safest enjoyable experience. Our special ground anchor loops allow the tents to be secured outside on a windy day. Playz toys always meet & exceed all USA Toy Safety Guidelines.
USE WITH PIT BALLS : Purchase with Playz Pit Balls under ASIN B07C5F2TNG and use the fun play set at parties, picnics, backyard BBQs, parks, playgrounds, day care, school, carnivals, sleepovers, or simply keep it in the playroom at home! Great for dogs, cats, pets as well."
B073PT4MH7	www.amazon.com/dp/B073PT4MH7	Tent | Titan | 7pc	Playz 7pc Kids Play Tent with 1 Big Ball Pit for Babies, 3 Play Tunnel for Toddlers, and 3 Pop Up Tents Playhouse Bundle, Best Birthday Gift for Boys & Girls, Indoor & Outdoor Use Portable Play Center	"LARGEST SET AVAILABLE: This bright vibrant Playz 7-piece indoor & outdoor pop up playhouse includes spacious kids play tent, big kids ball pit, and interactive crawl tunnels obstacle course that will keep children entertained for hours! Kids can customize the many different crazy maze combos and add more! A must-have toy for an active kid, toddler, baby, cats & dogs, and even adults, we recommend adding 500-1000 balls depending on the ball size. 👉BALL PIT BALLS NOT INCLUDED👈
THE PERFECT GIFT on any occasion and impulse buying, this kids play tent with tunnel and ball pit brings fun on a whole new level on birthday parties, picnics, carnivals, and sleepovers. Enjoyable for kids and parents alike, this value bundle of 7-piece ball pit tent and tunnel set comes highly recommended for first Birthday gifts and Christmas Gift.
NO BRAINER INSTANT ASSEMBLY & STORAGE: The entire Playz ball pit, play tent and tunnels for kids set pops open in seconds! The toy tunnels fasten close with frustration-free easy-locks. Teepee hut, cube cave & ball house fold away for flat storage in the included carry case. Easy-to-pack portable toy ball pit and play area for toddlers and kids to take along to Grandma's home! Perfect for indoor or outdoor use in the backyard, parks, playground, daycare, preschool, nursery, playgroups.
100% HAPPINESS, PLAYZ PROMISE: Do your research! When you purchase a Playz product, you know the premium quality you will get. We care about the happiness of your kids, so don't settle for anything but the best. If you run across any issues with your Playz pop up tent with ball pit, contact us right away and someone from out USA team will resolve any issues instantly!"
B07XZJ9RVQ	www.amazon.com/dp/B07XZJ9RVQ	Tent | Unicorn | 1pc	Playz Unicorn Toys Kids Play Tent for Girls with Unicorn Ring Toss, Candy Board Game, & Tic Tac Toe - Indoor & Outdoor Pop up Playhouse Set for Kids Birthday Party Favors & Gifts for Baby and Toddlers	"FIVE MAGICAL WAYS TO PLAY are built into this fantastical pop up tent, ensuring it grows with your children age 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and becomes a playroom favorite for years to come. At the same time, you’ll delight in the knowledge that they’re learning important imaginative play, strategic thinking, social interaction and turn taking skills.
MORE THAN JUST A PLAY TENT, OUR KID TENT incorporates four games into the toddler play house interior and exterior: Unicorn Candy Board Game, Unicorn Ring Toss, Tic Tac Toe and What’s Your Unicorn Name? Plus, use the delightful and awe-inspiring candy princess tent design for imaginative play. Looking for gifts for 4 year old girls or unicorn gifts with a difference? Then THIS is your solution – a unique alternative to a princess castle tent.
BIGGER THAN YOUR AVERAGE PLAY TENT, our 53” H x 41” W unicorn playset comfortably accommodates three children, and is big enough for even your big kids to stand up in. Make into a cosy reading area in the corner of your kid’s room, use as an outdoor playhouse, as a beach tent, make it the centrepiece of your unicorn birthday party or buy as a fun addition to your existing unicorn toys for girls or boys.
DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON CHEAP AND FLIMSY TENTS that rip or tear after only minutes of play, resulting in bored, frustrated and disappointed kids. We use a special double stitching technique that creates unbreakable seams, and our tent poles feature thick padded steel frames and reinforced flexible fibreglass guaranteeing this toddler tent will be around year, after year, after year.
WHILE MOST TENTS FOR KIDS ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO ASSEMBLE AND PACK AWAY, our super simple design is child’s play and pops up easily using the tent poles, then stashes away into the included compact carry case, ideal for underbed storage, travel to grandma’s for a sleepover or taking anywhere your child needs instant fun, entertainment and joy on the go."
B07C5F2TNG	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C5F2TNG	Acc | 50 balls | 8 colors	Playz 50 Soft Plastic Mini Balls w/ 8 Vibrant Colors - Crush Proof, No Sharp Edges, Non Toxic, Phthalate & BPA Free for Baby Toddler Ball Pit, Play Tents & Tunnels Indoor & Outdoor	"BABY APPROVED - Value Pack of 50 colorful small mini play balls that are perfect for your children's ball pit, play tent, crawl tunnel, playhouse, playpen, bounce house, swimming pool, or bathtub. Crafted from non-PVC plastic and Phthalate, Lead & BPA-free, these 2.1"" diameter non toxic ball pit balls offer a worry-free play experience for babies and toddlers. Make playtime super safe, super soft, and super fun!
8 VIBRANT COLORS - Dive into a rainbow of ball pit balls that get kids captivated while rolling around and playing games. Great playtime accessory to develop physical, visual, and sensory skills unlike ordinary neutral ball pit balls. You will get an assortment of 8 beautiful colors: Blue, Yellow, Green, Red, Orange, Purple, Turquoise, and Pink ball pit balls. Just the perfect fill for small to large ball pits and play pens.
EASY TO CLEAN - Playz is the only brand of plastic play balls that are turbo polished around the edges of the balls for a clean, soft finish so your child's delicate skin doesn't get cut. When the balls get dirty, Playz innovative design allows you to simply toss them in the washer with a non-bleach detergent to rid of any yucky stuff, making these kids play balls for ball pit excellent for bounce houses, play tents, soft play areas, playpen, and even large ball pit for babies.
BUILT TO LAST- Our advanced sealing and air filling technology makes durable yet lightweight Crush Proof ball pit balls that can withstand over 150 pounds of weight and pressure, riding out the rough and tumble play of kids and ensuring long-lasting fun for your little ones. Don't settle for flimsy alternatives – choose Playz ball pit balls for an unbeatable combination of durability, safety, and fun.
POPULAR GIFT IDEA - Give the gift of endless fun with an ocean bulk of ball pit balls! Perfect for playtime at home, daycare, or birthday parties providing hours of entertainment. Don't miss out on this must-have cheap and affordable ball pit balls for dogs, cats, pets, babies 6-12 months, toddlers 1-3 & big kids. Often upgraded to Playz ball pit balls 200 count and 500 count! Join countless satisfied parents who have made this gift idea a hit."
B096MVD9RV	www.amazon.com/dp/B096MVD9RV	Acc | 50 balls | Princess | 7 colors	Playz 50 Mini Ball Pit Balls - Princess Edition - Soft, Plastic Mini Play Balls - Small, No Sharp Edges, Super Safe, Phthalate & BPA Free	"BABY APPROVED - Value Pack of 50 colorful mini play balls for your children's ball pit, play tent, crawl tunnel, playhouse, playpen, bounce house, swimming pool, or bathtub. Phthalate, BPA, & Lead Free with non-PVC plastic. 2.1"" diameter toy balls are super safe, super soft, & super fun!
SMOOTH EDGES & COOL DESIGN - Playz is the only brand of pit balls that are turbo polished around the edges of the balls for a clean, soft finish so your child's delicate skin doesn't get cut. When the balls get dirty, Playz innovative design allows you to simply toss them in the washer on the COLD setting with a non-bleach detergent to rid them of any harmful yucky stuff.
7 PRETTY COLORS - You will get 7 beautiful colors to keep the kids captivated while rolling around playing kiddie games. Purple, Pink, White, Grey, Rose, Turquoise, Lavender
BUILT TO LAST - Our advanced sealing and air filling technology provides a Crush-Proof long lasting plastic ball that can withstand over 150lb of weight. Don't believe us? Try stepping on it!
TRUST OUR PLAYZ PROMISE - Do your research! You know the quality you will get when purchasing a Playz product. If you are unhappy with your purchase, contact us at anytime for a refund."
B07C5B1PDH	www.amazon.com/dp/B07C5B1PDH	Acc | 500 balls | 8 colors	Playz Ball Pit Balls 500 Count, Crush Proof Ball Pit Balls for Babies, Kids & Toddlers in 8 Bright Colors, Soft & Safe Plastic Balls for Ball Pit, BPA Free Baby Toddler Pit Balls 2.1 Inch	"BABY APPROVED - Value Pack of 500 colorful small mini play balls that are perfect for your children's ball pit, play tent, crawl tunnel, playhouse, playpen, bounce house, swimming pool, or bathtub. Crafted from non-PVC plastic and Phthalate, Lead & BPA-free, these 2.1"" diameter non toxic ball pit balls offer a worry-free play experience for babies and toddlers. Make playtime super safe, super soft, and super fun!
8 VIBRANT COLORS - Dive into a rainbow of ball pit balls that get kids captivated while rolling around and playing games. Great playtime accessory to develop physical, visual, and sensory skills unlike ordinary neutral ball pit balls. You will get an assortment of 8 beautiful colors: Blue, Yellow, Green, Red, Orange, Purple, Turquoise, and Pink ball pit balls. Just the perfect fill for small to large ball pits and play pens. **500 PARTY BALLS COME LOOSE IN BOX - NET NOT INCLUDED**
EASY TO CLEAN - Playz is the only brand of plastic play balls that are turbo polished around the edges of the balls for a clean, soft finish so your child's delicate skin doesn't get cut. When the balls get dirty, Playz innovative design allows you to simply toss them in the washer with a non-bleach detergent to rid of any yucky stuff, making these kids play balls for ball pit excellent for bounce houses, play tents, soft play areas, playpen, and even large ball pit for babies.
BUILT TO LAST- Our advanced sealing and air filling technology makes durable yet lightweight Crush Proof ball pit balls that can withstand over 150 pounds of weight and pressure, riding out the rough and tumble play of kids and ensuring long-lasting fun for your little ones. Don't settle for flimsy alternatives – choose Playz ball pit balls for an unbeatable combination of durability, safety, and fun.
POPULAR GIFT IDEA - Give the gift of endless fun with an ocean bulk of ball pit balls! Perfect for playtime at home, daycare, or birthday parties providing hours of entertainment. Don't miss out on this must-have cheap and affordable ball pit balls for dogs, cats, pets, babies 6-12 months, toddlers 1-3 & big kids. Join countless satisfied parents who have made this gift idea a hit."
B091G3KPDJ	www.amazon.com/dp/B091G3KPDJ	DIY | Vaccum Model	Not Available	Not Available
B0BNPLSFH4	www.amazon.com/dp/B0BNPLSFH4	Acc | 200 balls | 8 colors	Not Available	Not Available
